Rename Parathreads -> On-demand Parachains (#5858)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-auction.md

available. A limited number of slots are unlocked every few months through on-chain governance. If a
parachain wants to have guaranteed block inclusion at every Relay Chain block, it must acquire a
parachain slot. The development of

> [on-demand parachains](https://forum.polkadot.network/t/on-demand-parachains/2208) is in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[on-demand parachains](https://forum.polkadot.network/t/on-demand-parachains/2208) is complete, and they can be deployed after Agile Coretime is live on the network.
```
